Chongmei
What is she doing furtively?
Recently, several bosses have found that our jewelry is fake.
Wasn't it all right before?
Why has there been a problem recently?
I don't know. What's going on?
Is this shipment still being poured out?
Wait for my message.
It turns out that Zhou Mei emptied the Su family's jewelry store in her last life
It's you, Li Yuan
how
So who are you looking forward to?
It's not you.
What did you just shoot?
Take a picture of the scenery
Su Yaoan, there are only you and me here
I suggest you better be honest with me
Let me take a look.
This Face
How did he make Li Zeyan unable to stop?
Li Zeyan hasn't enjoyed you yet, has he?
Why don't you let me have a good taste for him?
Zeyan be careful
Li Yuan
I have warned you
Stay away from my woman
Hahaha
I didn't expect it.
Li Zeyan
A man who can attack his own brother
There is still something I want to protect
You deserve to talk to me too
Li Zeyan started with his own brother
Come out, I haven't seen enough of the show
Li Yuan, you are as powerful as the legends say
I want to cooperate with you.
Bring down Li Zeyan and Su Yaoan
I cooperate with you
What do you give me in return?
I want to get Li Zeyan
Li Zeyan again
Can I remind you
He can even push his own brother off the rooftop and fall to his death
Make sure you dare to like him